Dozens of butcher shops and grocer shops, draper shops, shoe shops, they're all there.
But today very few. Very few.
Lipton's is there today, when in those days you had Lipton's then, Meridaire, Maple, Homo Colonial, Thomas & Evans, the Co-op, the New Market Stores.
All went on a bandy.
Soon the Depression came in, all the shops are closed.
So now, where there was about a dozen or more, there were two.
All things have changed.
Dyrdach Vale was a busy centre in those days, Blanclidrach, quite a number of shops there in those days.
Well there's many shops in Blanclidrach at that time, but it's in Tannabandy today I think.
Well, it was in the Gold Bank Blanclidrach in the old days.
Of course the Collies were working there, Camlian was working, Blanclidrach was working, Fullswing.
Also the days.